Well family, I have a word for you.
The Lord spoke to me again today and He said, 'Brandon, remember the word that I gave you over a year ago, warning you to tell the people that there was a great deception coming from celebrities.
They would claim that they're born again and they're on fire for Me, but they are sent to cause deception and confusion in the body of Christ.
' Not all the celebrities that you see in the near future are going to be truly of Me.
I saw a plan from the enemy that these people have sold their soul to the devil and they are being instructed from the devil to say that they're born again Christians.
And when they start to come out and say, 'Hey, we're Christians, it's all about Jesus, everything's exciting, we just gave our hearts to the Lord,' then all of a sudden, about five or six months into their salvation, or the radical transformation that they're going to proclaim they have, they start preaching a universal gospel—that every religion is the way to Heaven, that you can be a Buddhist, you can be a Muslim, or any of these different faiths around the world.
They believe all these false gods are all the way to Heaven, that it's not just Jesus that gets you to Heaven, but you can have any religion, any belief is the way to the Father.
And they start saying this stuff out of their mouth, and this is wrong.
I'm here to tell you, when you hear this kind of teaching that there are other ways to Heaven other than Jesus Christ, run!
The only way to the Father is the Lord Jesus Christ.
And you say, 'Well, that's narrow-minded.
' No, it's the Bible.
That's the Bible, that's what the word of God says.
And if you're a Christian, you only go by what the word of God says—the Bible, the B-I-B-L-E.
That's the book for me.
And if you're teaching anything other than the word of God, it's a false gospel.
It's not Jesus, and it's the devil.
So I've seen a great deception coming because of what's about to happen in Hollywood.
The Lord stirred this up in me again, and there is a mighty move, a great supernatural move of the presence of the Lord that's about to take place in Hollywood.
And the Lord showed me when I was driving around just a little bit ago, I was praying and the Lord spoke to me and He said, 'Brandon, I'm about to invade Hollywood with my presence.
As you see these fires, as you see this stuff going on in Hollywood, in California, my presence, my Shekinah glory, just like it did in Azusa Street, is going to touch Hollywood one last time with a great grace explosion.
' To the people who are awake right now and you live in Hollywood, you live in Los Angeles—I told you about the people that if you're not hearing them to flee, but the Lord told me, He said, 'Brandon, that's not for everybody.
' I want you to listen to me.
There's going to be a mighty moving revival, a mighty move of the presence of the Lord on Hollywood.
On the people who are the farthest, there is a shaking that's going to take place that's going to awaken Hollywood.
And you will see a great move of the Spirit of the Lord on Rodeo Drive.
You will see a great move of the Spirit of the Lord all throughout the Hollywood Hills and the celebrities.
But not every single celebrity that you hear that's going to get radically saved in this timeframe is going to be one that you can listen to just because they proclaim it.
Let's see the fruit.
The fruit will demonstrate the word of God.
The word and the fruit will go hand in hand.
The fruit of the life of the celebrity—I'm trying to tell you—don't just follow them because they give you lip service.
I saw pop stars, major name pop stars, that all of a sudden are going to get radically changed, and some of them really will.
There will be a great shifting in celebrity.
I saw reality TV people are going to become radically born again.
I saw them having small groups in their houses—in mega-houses, these big homes—with all kinds of celebrities coming to these mega-houses and getting the word of God because they couldn't go to a church because it's too much of a distraction.
So I saw them having Bible studies in the privacy of their homes because they couldn't go to churches because of their name and because people were trying to mess with them, but they were truly hungry and they were truly looking for Jesus.
And when this happens, they will sit in these Bible studies and I saw the presence of the Lord just like it was in Acts chapter 2, when the mighty rushing wind came in and filled the house, and you will see a Holy Ghost fire on these homes.
And when the Holy Ghost fire comes on these homes, you're going to see a radical transformation.
For some, it's coming.
A major move of the presence of God is coming on some homes in the Hollywood Hills, and I saw it.
It's going to happen quickly and suddenly.
As you see these fires and as you see these things taking place, everyone says, 'Well, it's judgment.
' No, I told you it's a shaking to awaken.
What is He waking people up to?
Him.
Seed time and harvest.
It's happening right before your face.
The sowing to the bad politicians, the sowing to the bad senators in the house and changing the government there because they put in reprobate-minded people there.
That's what's happening in Hollywood right now, because they sow to the flesh, and when you sow to the flesh, you reap corruption.
It's not God's judgment on Hollywood right now, folks; this is a shaking to awaken because of bad decisions in seed time and harvest.
So what I'm trying to tell you is, as you see the fires, as you see these flames, I know there will be some people...
because you were living in those areas, you should have fled.
If they lost their house, they lost their property and you're a believer and the Lord spoke to you, that's what I was trying to refer to you, to try to spur you to say, 'Listen, if the Lord's telling you to leave these areas, leave.
' But if you're called to stay there, and you know just like that one man I saw...
his house—he was a Christian and it was on the beach or whatever it was, I don't know if it was fake or whatever but it looked real—and he was on there telling a testimony about how his house was spared and everybody's house around him was burned up.
That's the person who knows the authority of the believer.
That's the person who understands their covenant and their rights of how to believe by faith and say, 'Listen, thus far and no further!
Satan, you're not touching my house.
You're not going to touch and burn up my house.
' Put the olive oil on your shoes that represents the blood of Jesus and march around your house, and no calamity will come nigh your home.
That's what I'm talking about.
If you don't have the faith to believe that, you should get out of there like Lot, leave.
But there will be a remnant of you that stay and you'll be the ones that are the light in the darkness.
You say, 'Well, I can't afford to leave.
' Well, if you're not called to leave, that's fine.
Pray a bloodline around your house is what I'm trying to tell you.
Use your faith; no weapon formed against you—when there's earthquakes and divers places and you're in that divers place, no weapon formed against you is going to prosper.
You have to use your faith for where you're at.
But know that sometimes God's called you to stand in there, because if everybody's gone, who's going to be the light in that darkness?
That's you, ladies and gentlemen.
I believe there's some of you that will be called there, but if you're not able to believe, you need to leave.
That's what I was trying to tell you.
Okay, so Portland, these major cities that I've seen a great shaking coming...
there's a great shaking with the celebrities, the NBA, the NFL, the major hockey leagues and the NHL, or whatever, all of them.
I'm telling you, the Lord said even the ones that seem untouchable, the ones in the far left corner, He's calling you right now.
He's calling you right now and He's giving one last call, even for the richest of the rich.
He's giving one last call for the poorest of the poor and He's trying to tell you that you're running out of time.
And the shaking to awakening is fixing to hit Hollywood.
But what's the awakening?
That's the part that you all need to get excited about.
The shaking is happening for the awakening.
What is the awakening?
When people start to look and go, 'What's going on around us?
Everything's burned up around us.
What's happening?
' The shaking, the earthquakes, all kinds of weirdness that's going on in this world right now, all the news and the corruption—it's shaking people.
But we've not even touched just a little bit of this sliver of what's about to take place.
Fires are nothing compared to what I've seen coming, folks.
I've seen some very dark and hard times for some folks.
They're going to wake up because the Lord said, 'It's not your life, you didn't go to hell, so you still have breath in your lungs, you still got a chance.
' So He would rather some of these people lose everything around them and get shook to awaken—not to be 'woke,' but to be awake in Jesus, so that you have your eyes opened, your eyes of your understanding, according to Ephesians, that your eyes of your understanding would be enlightened, that you would know the hope of your calling, that you would know what He's done for you—that He died on the cross, He suffered, He paid the penalty of sin.
He did it all for you so that you don't have to go to a devil's hell.
Every single one of you have the opportunity right now, if you still have air in your lungs and you're able to listen to me right now, to know you can see that Jesus Christ is coming.
You're able to see it right now.
You have that opportunity to accept Jesus Christ today.
But I'm telling you, there's a great revival coming to Los Angeles, there's a great revival coming to all of California, all up the western coast and all the eastern coastlines.
There's a great shaking, though, that will take place to awaken.
The only way to Heaven is Jesus Christ.
The only way to the Father is Jesus Christ.
So know that when you see all these celebrities that are about to get born again and you see all these people that are getting radical for Jesus, watch their fruits for a season.
Because the young people...
the Lord told me this was a plan to try to snare the young generation.
The older generation will be able to discern and filter a lot better than the younger generation—the 15 to 30-year-olds.
You've got that younger generation that already needs a shepherd; they don't have a lot of leading spiritually.
So they're going to be so easily influenced because of the celebrity of who they are.
And all of a sudden, they're the pop star that's automatically radically born again, and you're going, 'Whoa, this is so cool!
' and you're listening to everything they say because they're okay now.
Do you see what I'm trying to tell you?
And all of a sudden, they're feeding a little poison, and then they give you a big spoonful of it.
I'm trying to tell you all, you're going to have to be very discerning in these hours ahead for what's about to take place.
And we rejoice with our brothers and sisters when they get born again, but we monitor their fruit.
And if they start preaching a different kind of gospel, other than Jesus is the way and that He died and rose again on the third day and is seated at the right hand of the Father, run.
You have to realize the Bible says, 'His words are a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path.
I will hide His word in my heart that I might not sin against You, Lord.
' And that's in Psalms.
I just want you to know that it's the word of God that should be the foundation for everything you do in your life.
And as long as you have that word, His word is priority in your life, and prayer.
Prayer and the word should go hand in hand.
And as you pray, you obey what He's telling you to do.
As you read the word, you follow what the Bible tells you to do.
And as you seek Him daily, you'll find Him.
The Bible says that those that seek Him will find Him; those that knock, the door will be opened unto them.
And I'm telling you, folks, it's not hard; it's a day-to-day relationship.
You work out your salvation with fear and trembling, for the fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom.
You have to fear the Lord and know that God is merciful and He's great and His majesty is holy.
But I long for Him, I want to know the Father intimately today.
You say, 'I can't do that, I have sin.
' Repent of it and walk on.
Take communion daily and just go before Him and say, 'Father, I want to sit at Your throne.
' You know, there are times He says, 'Welcome back, Brandon,' as I walk in and I praise Him and I get before Him.
'Welcome back, son.
' He's already dwelling inside of me, He's already living on the inside of every single one of you if you've received Him by faith, but there is a difference between this and being in the throne room.
There is a tangible Shekinah glory that will come and fill your house.
And I believe He wants to do that for you.
The Bible says that He's no respecter of persons, and what He'll do for one, He'll do for another.
But He is a respecter of faith and He's a respecter of those that seek Him.
So that implies automatically that He's wanting you to seek Him.
How desperate are you?
We raise puppies a lot.
You can see the ones that thrive, that are really hungry, versus the ones that have given up.
They call it 'fading puppy syndrome' a lot of times, and the mother dog will lick the puppy and try to spur it to be alive.
But if that puppy doesn't have a latch-on and a fight to want to live, it dies.
But if that puppy is thriving and it's hungry and it wants to live...
how bad is your 'want to' live?
How bad and how desperate are you for change in your life?
Are you like that little puppy that doesn't want to live, where you try to sustain its life but it doesn't have that 'want to' inside of itself?
It just falls off and dies.
Or you can be the thriving puppy that's just nursing and pulling and trying to get substance to keep their life alive.
In Christ, be that!
Be that person that is seeking Him that desperately.
How bad do you want your life to change?
You have to have a fight inside of you.
You have to have a fight and say, 'I refuse to stay the same.
I refuse to not have one more day without a fresh touch from Jesus.
' I need a fresh touch from Jesus today.
I'm desperate for more of Him.
And as you're crying out for Him, you will find Him.
But it's not going to be the one that's just lazy.
How bad is your 'want to'?
How bad is your desperation?
How thirsty, how hungry are you for change?
Because those that seek Him will find Him.
The Bible says it's a promise.
His word works all the time if you work His word.
Get that word down inside of your heart today and it will change you from the inside out.
There's levels of hunger, ladies and gentlemen.
You could see a homeless person that hasn't eaten in a couple of days and they are starving; they need food so bad.
But you walk by and you haven't eaten just in a couple of hours and you're going, 'Man, I'm hungry.
' There's levels of hunger.
There's a level of desperation for food that you'll do anything you can to sustain life.
How bad is your 'want to' change in these last days?
Are you just satisfied with the status quo?
Because if you are, you will not be hungry enough to want to change.
I'm trying to tell you there's that desperation that whenever you see your life's going to hell in a handbasket—it's all around you, everything's falling apart—you say, 'I need more of Him!
I need more of Him!
' and I'm desperate for Him every day.
I'm just confident enough that if I seek Him, I'll find Him.
And you know what He does?
The Bible says that He is a rewarder of those that diligently seek Him.
He'll reward you with open arms as you seek Him today.
I pray this message blessed you.
I pray that as a Watchman, I'm telling you something so you're being prepared, so you're not caught off guard for what's coming.
I just want so badly for you to get excited and on fire for Him.
I appreciate you watching this video today.
Let me pray for y'all.
Father, right now in the name of Jesus, they are hungry.
I believe maybe this just fanned their flame just a little bit to get them to latch on.
Be that puppy that's not fading, that latches on and says, 'I need a touch from Jesus.
I need a touch from my risen Savior today.
' Just like the woman with the issue of blood that reached out and grabbed the hem of His garment—she was desperate and she said, 'If I could just lay hold of the hem of His garment, I'll be made whole.
' Touch His garment today.
All you have to do is reach out by faith and say, 'God, I'm desperate for you, I'm thirsty for you.
You are the living water; come and fill me once again, oh God.
Come and fill me to the overflow of my soul.
' I need a fresh touch from You today, Lord.
I need a drink.
I'm thirsty, Jesus, I am thirsty.
Won't you come and fill me?
Those earthly things have left me dry.
You have to say it: only You can satisfy.
All I want is more of You.
Nothing I desire, Lord, but more of You.
I want to know Him more.
So Father, we just thank You, Lord, that we have a fresh touch from You today, that we're not snared by the plans of the wicked, but we are confident that You will sustain us.
I thank You, Father, for a supernatural touch today.
Thank You, Father, for your supernatural abundance of your presence on us today.
I thank You that every single one of us could know You today, that You don't want any of us to perish, but all to come to repentance and have everlasting life.
If you don't know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior today, just say this prayer after me: 'Jesus, I believe You're the Son of God.
I believe You died and rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner; forgive me of my sins.
Wash me with Your blood, cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Jesus, I want to come home.
I want to know You as my Lord and personal Savior.
Make me new by Your precious blood.
Thank You, Lord, that I don't have to go to hell, that I can come to heaven with You.
Thank You, Jesus.
' I receive You now as my Lord and personal Savior.
That's it.
Now you just got to go and get a Bible.
Pray.
Get into a Bible-believing church that teaches the word of God.
Get water baptized.
Get excited about what God has done for you today because you just made the greatest decision you could have ever made.
Find a church that teaches the word of God, volunteer, and get plugged into that church so you stay strong.
So Father, I thank You, Lord, for everyone else that's here today.
I thank You, Father, that they're healed and whole and well because just like You paid the price for our souls, You paid the price for us to have complete health.
He said, 'By my stripes you are healed.
' So Father, I thank You, Lord, that You're the healer and You set us free.
By the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony we are free, and whom the Son sets free is free indeed.
And we believe today that we're delivered from sickness and disease.
We believe today that we're delivered from poverty, lack, and barely getting by.
We believe today, Father, that we stand on the word of God.
And Father, we submit ourselves to You today.
Father, we need You, we need more of You, we need a fresh touch.
I thank You, Lord, for Your touch on these houses that are represented here today.
I thank You, Father, for supernatural divine visitations and manifestations of Your glory, that this will be a time like never before that we seek You and we find You and we touch You—we grab a hold of Your garment today and say, 'Father, I thank You that we're healed.
' I thank You, Lord, that we're whole, Father, that our minds are renewed and they don't have PTSD, depression, anxieties, fear, Alzheimer's, dementia, or autism.
Father, You're the healer, and we plead the blood.
There are no blood disorders, no cancers, no diabetes, no heart disease, Father, and no stroke.
There's healing over their bodies from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
We call them healed and whole and well today.
And we thank You, Father, that You sent Your word and You set them free.
We believe, Father, that You've done all this by what You did on the cross—that You became sin, You became sickness, and You became poor to deliver us from all those things.
According to Galatians, Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law and we don't have to be underneath the curse of Deuteronomy 28 anymore.
I'm not under the curse, Jesus has set me free.
For sickness, I have health; for poverty, wealth; for Christ has ransomed me.
You got to believe it today.
Jesus paid the price.
Galatians says Christ redeemed me from the curse of the law.
Glory to God!
He made it so me and you could sit with Him in the heavenly, far above all principalities and powers.
So we rejoice today for what He's done for us.
And we pray over our President Trump.
Father, we pray over him, we intercede.
We believe, Father, that there's divine protection around him as they go to these events on Sunday, over the inaugural ball and even over the inauguration.
We pray a hedge of blood over all of Washington D.
C.
today.
I don't know if it's a bad thing about South Korea's president or a good thing—I'm not familiar with their politics—but God, we thank You for a godly leader that does not want communism.
Because You told me the communism that is on North Korea is trying to come on South Korea, and they must stand against this demonic spirit that is trying to take their freedoms.
You must stand against this, South Korea, and say, 'We will not have this!
' You have to use your faith and say, 'We will have that godly leader.
' But there's a shaking coming to South Korea.
And in the shaking, there will be an awakening, for a lot of you went to sleep.
The Lord said there's a lot of you that have gone to sleep; they've let compromise in.
And you've sowed, and now you're reaping.
And the Lord showed me there'll be shaking as you see the new trying to come upon you.
You will wake up and you'll fight back and say, 'No, we will have revival once again here!
' Father, we worship You today.
We thank You, Lord, that America will have a revival—one last call.
We thank You, Lord, that You're visiting Hollywood, that You're visiting the NBA and the NFL, the NHL, Father, You will visit them again.
You will bring forth refined people of great character that are not going to be moved by the celebrity and the money, that are going to be moved only by what You say.
You'll bring in influencers to influence the influencers in Jesus' name, to bring them all in.
Everybody needs Jesus.
It doesn't matter what your status or what you do, everybody needs Jesus.
And God wants to touch even Hollywood.
I thank You, Father, that You're bringing those refiners in that will not be moved by celebrity, that they will not let ego affect them today.
You'll raise up people that are able to stand and not be moved by the world's stuff.
We're running out of time.
Jesus is coming.
I warn you with all my heart as a Watchman on the wall: Jesus is coming and you're running out of time, ladies and gentlemen.
'Come unto me, all ye that are heavy laden, and I'll give you rest.
' All He's saying is, 'Come to me with all this baggage, all the pressures of this world, run to me.
' Take His yoke upon you; His yoke is easy and His burden is light.
Jesus wants to give you a fresh drink today.
He just wants to love on you, whoever you are.
He just wants to love on you and tell you: you've got what it takes.
You're that thriving puppy that says, 'I've got what it takes today.
I'm going to make it because He's inside of me.
' You run to God when you sin, you don't run away from Him.
Many people try to run away from God like Adam and Eve did, but your job is to run to God when you sin.
'I run into You, I've messed up, I need You, God.
' And in Him, you said I can have everything cleansed.
And yes, we mess up and it hurts sometimes, but you got to pick yourself back up because you're standing on the inside.
It's like the inflatable doll that has the sandbag inside of him: you punch him and he keeps getting back up because he's standing on the inside.
Are you standing on the inside?
I'm standing on the inside today with the Lord Jesus Christ.
I'm desperate for Him today.
Thank You, Father, for Your touch.
Thank You, Father, for protecting the President today.
Thank You, Lord, for our countries turning around to You today.
Thank You, Lord, for a fresh drink of Your living water.
Some of you all need to get filled with joy.
It's not 'the sky is falling,' Chicken Little.
Jesus is Lord, and it's time to get joy in your heart.
I cast down the spirit of heaviness for a garment of praise.
I refuse to let the world weigh me down anymore.
I seek Jesus today.
Jesus, I'm thirsty, I need joy today.
Good days are ahead for the body of Christ.
Yeah, great shaking coming, but man, there's good days for the body of Christ.
Remember that seed time and harvest will never cease.
Open the eyes of my heart, Lord, I want to see You.
To see You high and lifted up, shining in the light of Your glory.
Pour out Your power and love as we sing, 'Holy, holy, holy.
' I want to see You.
Open the eyes of my heart, Lord, I want to see You.
To see You high and lifted up, shining in the light of Your glory.
Pour out Your power and love as we sing, 'Holy, holy, holy.
' High and lifted up, shining in the light of Your glory.
' I want to see You.
That's what it's about.
You just got to make a joyful noise unto Him.
I don't have a great voice, but I want to make a noise unto Him.
I'm trying to teach you all how to bring in the presence into your house.
If you learn how to practice His presence, He comes and visits you.
But it's learned.
Most people don't understand; they think it has to be all religious, like Christmas Mass.
No, it's personal.
It's your relationship with Jesus.
It's not super religious like the Pharisees.
It's just Jesus and you, sitting at His feet.
You sing Him songs.
People try to make it so unrelatable, and I want a God I can talk to, a Jesus I have fellowship with.
I practice His presence.
'How are you doing, Jesus?
I miss you today.
' I know He's already inside of me, but I act like He's right here.
I just talk to Him: 'Hey, how are you doing?
Hello, Brandon, how are you doing, Father?
' That's the way it's been.
I need a change.
I'm the clay, You're the Potter.
Mold me and make me today.
You know, people say, 'I've got all this stuff going on with my marriage.
' I grieve with you, but the only thing that's ever going to change your marriage or your house is Jesus, as you bring Him in and sit with Him.
Well, we pray this video blessed you today.
I pray it stirred you and gave you some inspiration to keep going, to be that fighting dog and say, 'I will live and not die and declare the works of the Lord today.
' Praise the Lord.
Well, if you're new here, thank you and welcome.
We welcome all the first-time visitors.
We pray you stick around.
If you would like to, please subscribe, click the notification bell, click the thumbs up, and comment down below how this meant to you.
We appreciate all the nice comments.
Thank you for being a part of this YouTube channel and being a part of the family.
We're the family of God, and we are brothers and sisters in Christ.
We lean on each other and we get stronger together because we're one together with Him.
We got our French channel back!
It got taken down, and we fought for it, and glory to God, they brought it back today.
The devil doesn't want this gospel getting throughout the world.
Braden's fighting through it and Diana's fighting through it and they're plugging along.
Now we're fighting for the Arabic channel.
We're fighting to say they need Jesus too.
So y'all pray for me to have favor.
We're favored of the King and we're going to get these channels back.
If one door's closed, God's going to open up more.
What the devil meant for bad, God's going to turn for good in my favor.
I'm not moved by what I see or feel; I'm moved by what the word of God says.
That's the fighter's fight.
We're going to take this land for the Lord.
My son is working hard on the channels: we've got Spanish, China, Japan, South Korea, Vietnam, Philippines, Portuguese, Russian, France, and Hindi!
Wow, that's amazing.
I pray this blessed you.
God is really doing something big through YouTube.
We have a small window.
The Lord told me, 'The window for reaching the lost throughout the whole world will only be for a while, Brandon.
' But right now, while the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few, go into the world and bring forth My harvest.
We always close by telling y'all to put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all, and we will see you again soon.
Bye-bye.